## Midterm Project
First, I introduce the csv dataset. It is important to know the meaning of each column in the dataset, but the column index name only shows the short word of each column. So I used Chinese to explain the meaning and the type of each column. I will focus on what is the relationship between alcohol consumption and grades? <br>
The column ‘Alc’ represents the student’s weekly alcohol consumption, which is calculated by adding ‘Dalc’ (daily alcohol consumption) and ‘Walc’ (weekend alcohol consumption). The column ‘G1’, ‘G2’, and ‘G3’ represent the student’s grades in the first, second, and third period, respectively. <br>
To make the grades of every period test comparable, I transformed them into z-scores, which indicate how many standard deviations the grade is above or below the mean. This way, we can intuitively see the distribution of grades. <br>
Next, I will show the total number of students who drink alcohol per week. As you can see from the bar chart, most students drink 2 units of alcohol per week. The highest number of students who drink alcohol per week is 10. I think this shows that most students are normal and healthy. <br>
Then, it is use histograms to illustrate the distribution of grades for students with different weekly alcohol consumption levels. We can see that the distribution of grades for students with different weekly alcohol consumption levels is similar. They are all close to the normal distribution. This suggests that the test is fair and suitable for students. <br>
Finally, it is use the ‘df.corr()’ function to calculate the correlation coefficients between ‘Alc’ and ‘G1’, ‘G2’, and ‘G3’. The results show that the correlation between ‘Alc’ and ‘G1’, ‘G2’, and ‘G3’ is low, ranging from -0.19 to -0.2. But normally, if Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient at least higher than 0.5, it means that there is a strong linear relationship between two variables. This means that there is no strong linear relationship between alcohol consumption and grades. You can also see the scatter plots of the correlations between ‘Alc’ and ‘G1’, ‘G2’, and ‘G3’. The scatter plots show that there is no strong linear relationship between alcohol consumption and grades. <br>

## Final Project
### Machine Learning
According to the above, we decided to use two machine learning models, random forest classifier and linear regression, to predict the student’s lunch and average total score. You can see the ouput directly in this notebook. <br>
First, We used the lunch variable as the target, and the math score and average total score as the features. The accuracy of the model is 63%, and the F1-score is 73%. The confusion matrix shows that there are 51 students who are wrongly classified as having free/reduced lunch, and 59 students who are wrongly classified as having standard lunch. <br>
Then, we used the linear regression to predict the average total score. We used the average total score as the target, and the excluded any scores variables as the features. The mean squared error of the model is 77.63, and the R-squared is 0.64. The scatter plot shows that there appears to be a linear relationship between the predicted values and the true values, but there are also some outliers, indicating that the model can be improved. <br>
### Conclusion
In conclusion, we list 4 points that we found students' background have an impact on the student’s performance. We also applied some machine learning models to the data, and evaluated their performance. We think that our project can help educators to understand the factors that affect student achievement. <br>

## Seminar
In this paper, we learned some new words and I also chose three of them. First, personalized learning refers to teaching methods that provide content that is suitable for each learner. I would say the word “personalization” appears 54 times in the article, which answers the first question of the final project. The author believes that “personalized learning” is an effective teaching strategy for the AI era. The second word is Bayes’ theorem, which is a probability theory that describes how to update our beliefs based on new evidence. The third word is the sequential probability ratio test, which is a statistical method that tests whether a hypothesis is true and stops when a certain confidence level is reached.
Next, this paragraph combines the six words we selected in this slide. This paragraph can summarize the research of this article. You can see the bold text, which includes flipped classrooms, Bayes’ theorem, logistic regression, sequential probability ratio test, learning management systems, and personalized learning.